---
title: " TIL&TEL 22.09.12~22.09.18  "
date: "2022-09-18T01:23:45.678Z"
template: "post"
draft: false
slug: "/posts/TIL&TEL_22-09-18/"
category: "TIL&TEL"
tags:
- "TIL"
- "TEL"


description: " 22.09.12~22.09.18 배운것, 씨름한것들 "
---

## TIL( Today I Learned)

### 22-09-13 화

- WORKPLACE
    - PHASE 1 9-12 / 6
        - 진행 업무 피드백
    - PHASE 2 13-16 / 6
        - 
    - PHASE 3 16-18 / 4
        - 

### 22-09-14 수

- WORKPLACE
    - PHASE 1 9-12 / 6
        - 프로세스 큰틀 잡기
    - PHASE 2 13-16 / 6
        - 
    - PHASE 3 16-18 / 4
        - 

### 22-09-15 목

- WORKPLACE
    - PHASE 1 9-12 / 6
        - 구성 요소 분리하기
            - 수집 / 분석과는 분리되있음
            - 클래스안에서 달라지는 부위는 어디인가?
                - DB?
                - raw 데이터
            - 작업 구분
                - aws 계정
            - 
            - 동일 Table 에서 데이터 추출
                - table name  주입
                - 
            - 다중 Table에서 데이터 추출
                - table name  주입
                - 
            - 하나의DB 에서 데이터 추출
                - 커넥션 정보 <= 세팅
                - 싱글 커넥터
            - 여러개 DB 에서 데이터 추출
                - 접속정보 Load 필요
                - 다중 커넥터
        - 
    - PHASE 2 13-16 / 6
        - 
    - PHASE 3 16-18 / 4
        - 

### 22-09-16 금

- WORKPLACE
    - PHASE 1 9-12 / 6
        - class component 만들기
    - PHASE 2 13-16 / 6
        - 
    - PHASE 3 16-18 / 4
        - 

### 22-09-17 토

- 텔라 영어 인터뷰 준비
    - \1. Tell us a little bit about yourself.
        - I started my career in Sales after graduating with a Business degree in 2015. I’ve spent my entire career at Samsung, receiving two promotions and three awards for outstanding performance. I’m looking to join a bigger company now, and take on more project management.
        - 
        - I have started my career as a software engineer since 2019.
        - I was educated in wecode which is software bootcamp.
        - My main programming  language is python and most work I have done is developing python server application with database and Natural language procese related.
        - I have  spent my career at TWC and Astron. Former is serving chat service and latter is serving cloud service control.
        - 
        - skills 
        - professional.
        - 
    - \2. What are some of your strengths and weaknesses?
        - Multitasking and being able to thrive in a fast paced environment, so I’d love to begin my career here. I'm also a hard worker. My weakness is that I get stressed when I miss a deadline because someone else dropped the ball.
        - 
        - I am a quick learner that makes me software engineer and get me used to new task.
        - My weakness is lack of imagination. 
        - I was tend to stick what I am knowing.
        - I have tried to span my knowledge boundary with reading a books.
        -  
        - detail
        - 
    - \3. Why did you choose our company?
        - ____From what I read, your company is one of the leaders in providing security software to other businesses. I read the list of clients on your website.
        -  
        - I can tell you 3 reasons.
        - First, highly experienced CTO. He has been major IT company. I expected a good role model.
        - Second, I expecting nice team culture from CTO.  
        - Third, nice business model.  Your business market size is getting bigger and your solution is more demanded.
        -  
        - How good they are company... bench mark. leading industry. 
            - in the field of education 
            - improvement 
            - acheivement
        - inside of company
    - \1. Where would you imagine yourself to be 5 years from now?
        - Well, I'm really excited by this position, so in five years, I’d like to be seen as someone with deep expertise in the sales sector, and I know that’s something that I’ll have an opportunity to do here. I’m also really excited to take on more managerial responsibilities in the next few years and potentially even take the lead on some projects.
        - 
        - I believe I will work as a senior engineer who can be responsible for deciding technological issue.
        - That need a lot of experience and I expected to get those from here.
        -  
    - \2. What is your ultimate career goal?
        - My ultimate career goal includes leading a finance team in some capacity. I'm excited about the prospect of working with teams like legal and procurement on developing streamlined processes. This is a natural fit with my business administration background.
        - My goal is continuously, giving customer a valuable for every day. 
            - \>>> My ultimate career goal is having a high customer satisfaction rate by providing good software service.
    - \3. Why should we hire you?
        - When I read the job posting I noticed that you specifically mentioned you were looking for someone with sales experience. As you can see on my resume I have experience as a sales manager, but what I think really sets me apart from other candidates and will make me a valuable addition to your team is my ability to combine that with my people skills. I really value lasting relationships and actively seek to build those with developers, vendors and senior managers alike. I also enjoy interacting with customers and know that a happy customer is a repeat customer. My passion for this industry and the job I do drives me to deliver high-quality work every day.
        - 
        - I can tell you 3 reasons.
        - First, I am very looking forward growth.
        - Second, I like solving the problems.
        - Third, I like share the knowlede. 
        - So I can contribute to growth of mine, team and company. by solving problem
        - 
    - \1. What makes you a better candidate than other applicants?
        - I believe my advanced skills in technological expertise and finanacial analysis are going to be a great attribute to the company. These abilities- along with my long history within customer service and management- have allotted me a vast skill set and level of experience that I do not believe my peers would have.
        - 
        - Most engineer love to focus on tech issue but I am not.
        - I am not only interested technology but also the business.
        - I like to create business value.
        - I am curious about how the business is working.
        - 
        - 
    - \2. What do you like the most about our company?
        - Well, first and foremost, I would say the company’s overall reputation drew me in. I’ve been in finance for years and this company has always been an industry leader in innovation and community friendly standards.
        - 
        - I like the service and the way your approaching to the problem.
        - Analyze and make simple prototype and test and bulit it 
        - \>>> I like how you approach problems and deal with it smoothly.
        - 
    - \3. Why did you choose this company over others? (whyi 
        - I’ve had a few friends and family members who either worked here or with the business and they’ve always raved about the atmosphere of professionalism. I look forward to being in a place that continually demands excellence while still allowing a healthy and positive work environment.
        -  
        - I' ve read a article about this company and 
        - 
        - I look forward to being in a place that continually demands excellence while still allowing a healthy and positive work environment.


## TEL (Trial and Error Log)

### 22-09-14

- ERROR: class attr 에 함수를 지정하고 self.attr로 부를경우 class 가 함수 args 로 들어간다.

    - SITUATION: class attr 에 함수를 지정하고 self.attr로 부를경우 class 가 함수 args 로 들어간다.

        - code
            ```
            import abc
            from typing import Callable, TypeVar, Any
            
            class Discriminator(abc.ABC):
            def *init*(self, comp_value: list) -> None:
            self.comp_value = comp_value
            
            def descriminate(self, value):
            return self.dis_func(value)
            
            def dis_func(self, val):
            raise NotImplemented
            
            
            class DiscriminatorMixin:
            
            def descriminate(self, value):
            return self.dis_func(value)
            
            class UserNameDiscriminator(Discriminator, DiscriminatorMixin):
            dis_func = is_in_another
            ...
            class AgentDiscriminator(Discriminator, DiscriminatorMixin):
            ...
            class SourceIpDiscriminator(Discriminator, DiscriminatorMixin):
            ...
            class EventHourDiscriminator(Discriminator, DiscriminatorMixin):
            ...
            def is_in_another(*vals):
            print(vals)
            \# return val in val2
        
            user_discr = UserNameDiscriminator([1,2,3,4])
        
            user_discr.descriminate(3)```
    
    - REASON:
    
        - instance method 가 아닌 attribute: Callable 를 call 하면 class method로 취급한다.
    
    - SOLUTION:
    
        - 함수에 @classmethod decorator 를 달아주고 class attr에 assign 한다.

### 22-09-16

- ERROR: AttributeError: module 'psycopg2' has no attribute 'extras'
    - SITUATION:
        - dict cursor 부르기
    - REASON:
        - init 이 아닌 모듈 path로 가야해서, 
    - SOLUTION:
        - ```import psycopg2.extras```